README.md, before:

# dotfiles
Personal dotfiles for Mi Notebook Air laptop(Arch Linux). This includes my configuration files for AwesomeWM 4.0, dunst, termite, and Firefox CSS styles.

Colours are largely based off of [base16-bespin](https://github.com/khamer/base16-termite/blob/master/themes/base16-bespin.config).
GTK+ programs use the [Pop-Slim-Dark](https://github.com/system76/pop-gtk-theme) theme.

Firefox CSS are Stylish themes, some with modified colours (as found in the FF-css directory), as follows:
* [Clear Dark Facebook](https://userstyles.org/styles/136318/clear-dark-facebook-by-book777)
* [Gruvbox new tab](https://userstyles.org/styles/136157/firefox-gruvbox-new-tab)
* [Linux GTK+ Native Firefox theme](https://userstyles.org/styles/132191/firefox-theme-linux-gtk-native-fx-29)
* [Nocturnal SoundCloud](https://userstyles.org/styles/129712/nocturnal-soundcloud-theme)
* [Wikipedia - Clean, readable](https://userstyles.org/styles/62449/wikipedia-clean-readable)
* [YouTube DeepDark](https://userstyles.org/styles/135831/youtube-deepdark) + [YouTube DeepDark Material](https://userstyles.org/styles/144962/youtube-deepdark-material)

Preview screenshots:

Commit message:

Revised .newsbeuter folder name, changes to README.`

README.md, after:

# dotfiles
Personal dotfiles for Mi Notebook Air laptop (Arch Linux). This includes my configuration files for AwesomeWM 4.0, dunst, termite, newsbeuter, vim and various Firefox CSS styles.

Wallpaper is [Deus Ex Machina II](http://desktopography.net/portfolios/deus-ex-machina-ii/?pnt=1501) by Klangwelt, part of the Desktopograhy 2015 Exhibition.

Colours are largely based off of [base16-bespin](https://github.com/khamer/base16-termite/blob/master/themes/base16-bespin.config) by chriskempson.

GTK+ programs use the [Pop-Slim-Dark](https://github.com/system76/pop-gtk-theme) theme.

Firefox CSS are Stylish themes, some with modified colours (as found in the FF-css directory), as follows:
* [Clear Dark Facebook](https://userstyles.org/styles/136318/clear-dark-facebook-by-book777)
* [Gruvbox new tab](https://userstyles.org/styles/136157/firefox-gruvbox-new-tab)
* [Linux GTK+ Native Firefox theme](https://userstyles.org/styles/132191/firefox-theme-linux-gtk-native-fx-29)
* [Nocturnal SoundCloud](https://userstyles.org/styles/129712/nocturnal-soundcloud-theme)
* [Wikipedia - Clean, readable](https://userstyles.org/styles/62449/wikipedia-clean-readable)
* [YouTube DeepDark](https://userstyles.org/styles/135831/youtube-deepdark) + [YouTube DeepDark Material](https://userstyles.org/styles/144962/youtube-deepdark-material)

Preview screenshots:
